added information about key and added predefined interval (#30)
scramjetorg/reference-apps: js/git-read-issues/README.md

> ! All issues that has been read by this sequence will be labeled as read in a github

## Prerequisites

> - Github api key with an permision to read/write labels and read access to repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Github api key with a permission to read/write labels and read access to repo
```
